[18.0][ADD] sale_invoice_product_not_alone: add new module (#4366)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_invoice_product_not_alone/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module allows to set on product if it can be invoice alone. This make those sale order not to appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to set on product if it can be invoiced alone. This makes those sale orders not to appear
```

Author: Done. Thanks for your review!!
